Privacy Policy of OneTimecopy
Edited July 07, 2020

This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the OneTimeCopy Application.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
We do not collect any personal information whatsoever and subsequently do not transmit or any personal information. Your data does not leave your device. Only message transcripts are processed on your device and any one-time SMS passcodes found in these messages are displayed for your use only.

Stored Data
The most recent SMS passcode and its date received are stored as a cryptographically hashed value (SHA256). These values will be used to compare new codes to check if the most recent code has already been seen previously. The most recent search time is stored to keep track of when the last search time was completed. All stored data are never transmitted.

Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
