Terms and Conditions
Edited July 07, 2020

Welcome to OneTimeCopy
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of OneTimeCopy's Application.  

By using this application we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full. Do not continue to use 
OneTimeCopy's application if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page. The 
following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and 
any or all Agreements: "Client", "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person accessing this application and 
accepting the Company's terms and conditions. "The Company", "Ourselves", "We", "Our" and "Us", refers to 
our Company. "Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or 
ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the 
process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a 
fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client's needs in respect of 
provision of the Company's stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of 
Illinois. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or 
he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
  
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any 
particular link to our application website. You agree to immediately remove all links to our application 
upon such request. We also reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and its linking policy at 
any time. By continuing to link to our application, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking 
terms and conditions.

Content Liability
We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your Web site. You agree to 
indemnify and defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your Website. No link(s) may appear
on any page on your Web site or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted 
as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or 
other violation of, any third party rights.
  
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions 
relating to our application. Nothing in this disclaimer will:
	
- limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
- limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
- limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
- exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
	
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) 
are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or in 
relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort 
(including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty. To the extent that the application and the 
information and services on the application are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any 
loss or damage of any nature.
